Reword monitoring federation recommendation (#16511)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/observability/metrics.md

### FAQ

#### Can I consume Sourcegraph's metrics in my own monitoring system (Datadog, New Relic, etc.)?

> While It's technically possible to consume all of Sourcegraph's metrics in any external system, our recommended approach is to configure Sourcegraph to send [alerts to your own PagerDuty, Slack, email, etc.](alerting.md) and utilize the built in systems to view the system health.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While it is technically possible to consume all of Sourcegraph's metrics in any external system, our recommended approach is to configure Sourcegraph to send [alerts to your own PagerDuty, Slack, email, etc.](alerting.md) and utilize the built in systems to view system health.
```

> The builtin dashboards and alerts provided by Sourcegraph are updated on each release to assure that the information you are monitoring is up-to-date. Defining all of the alerting thresholds and rules that are needed to ensure Sourcegraph is healthy manually would be very tedious as metrics and thresholds can change with each release of Sourcegraph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [builtin dashboards and alerts provided by Sourcegraph](dashboards.md) are updated on each release to assure that the information you are monitoring is up-to-date. Defining all of the alerting thresholds and rules that are needed to ensure Sourcegraph is healthy manually would be very tedious as metrics and thresholds can change with each release of Sourcegraph.
```

Author: I prefer to keep the link a bit shorter I expanded to `[send alerts ...`

> External monitoring system that supports Prometheus scraping (both Datadog and New Relic support this) or [Prometheus federation](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/federation/) can be used to consume Sourcegraph's metrics, which includes our [high-level alerting metrics](metrics_guide.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
External monitoring systems that support Prometheus scraping (for example, Datadog and New Relic) or [Prometheus federation](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/federation/) can be used to consume Sourcegraph's metrics, which includes our [high-level alerting metrics](metrics_guide.md).
```

Reviewer: (maybe repeat the recommendation here as well?)

### FAQ

#### Can I consume Sourcegraph's metrics in my own monitoring system (Datadog, New Relic, etc.)?

While it is technically possible to consume all of Sourcegraph's metrics in any external system, our recommendation is to utilize the builtin monitoring tools and configure Sourcegraph to [send alerts to your own PagerDuty, Slack, email, etc.](alerting.md). Metrics and thresholds can change with each release, therefore manually defining the alerts required to monitor Sourcegraph's health is not recommended as it would be a tedious process. Sourcegraph automatically updates the dashboards and alerts on each release and ensures that the displayed information and alerts are up-to-date.

> External monitoring systems that support Prometheus scraping (for example, Datadog and New Relic) or [Prometheus federation](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/federation/) can be used to consume Sourcegraph's metrics, which includes our [high-level alerting metrics](metrics_guide.md).

Reviewer 2: @pecigonzalo we link to a document about them here

Author: @slimsag a document about which part specifically? The references on how to use those I found in that document are "To set up notifications for these alerts, see: alerting.", or https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/observability/alerting_custom_consumption which only references checking them via `curl`, not federating the metrics.

The alert names are also not described, it only describes the pattern of `alert_count`.

Reviewer 2: sorry 😅 I was writing my response in the main thread and just pointing this place out
